README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.tsx`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Cypress E2E Testing
- Add Cypress library
- Create first Cypress test
- Config added to jest.config.js to Ignore Cypress tests when running Jest tests

[Ticket: 6]

README.md, after:

## !!! THIS PROJECT IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION - Use at your own risk! 

# NEXT-TYPED-APOLLO-RA

This project is an example of how to use the [React Admin](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/) dataProvider to inject queried data via Apollo Client and GraphQL into the RA dashboard. The Example shows how to Paginate, Order, Sort and Filter data.

### The project is built using Typescript, NextJS/React, React Admin, Apollo Client, GraphQL, React Testing Library, Jest and Cypress.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


## Getting Started

### Dev:

```bash
yarn dev
```
Open [http://localhost:3010](http://localhost:3010) with your browser to see the result.

### Unit test:
```bash
yarn test
```

### e2e test:
```bash
yarn e2etest
```

### Production:
```bash
yarn Build
```

## DATA

The data is taken from the Open graphQL of Space X: https://api.spacex.land/graphql/

React Admin uses a dataProvider.ts file as a type of API adapter mapping calls to different functions that resolve promises and return data (or errors). 

See "/react-admin/provider.ts" to see how getList will perform a Apollo Client query and return the data to React Admin.

The past missions are display in using a Data Grid template component (*see "/components/missions"), allowing the user to search, sort, order and filter the data within the table that React Admin generates.
